Thank you for purchasing Toon Fantasy Nature!
Very glad to have you as a customer :)


Version 1.0

	In the promotional materials, the pack uses post processing profiles and you will need to import the post processing stack via the
package manager and apply the profiles. (if you're using URP, the post processing stack is installed by default)

	If you need help setting up the post processing stack, you can find more details here:
https://docs.unity3d.com/2019.1/Documentation/Manual/PostProcessingOverview.html

	If you install the post processing stack after importing this package, some errors might appear, depending on the version of Unity 
that you're using. A Unity restart usually solves those issues. (if not, please re-import this pack in a project where post processing 
stack is installed).



		Naming convention:


	The assets in this package use the "TFF" prefix, in case you're using other packs from the TOON Series, to be able to easily 
identify the origin of an asset.
	The last letter in the name, usually is a capital letter, such as :"TFF_Aspen_Tree_02A". It signifies the color scheme of the asset.
If there are more color schemes for an asset, the naming would probably continue as follows: "TFF_Aspen_Tree_02B", "TFF_Aspen_Tree_02C", etc.



		Prefabs:


	The source files are contained in the "Models" folder, along with the custom mesh colliders, in the "Colliders" sub-folder. 
Custom mesh colliders were used where the shape of the asset was too complicated to use simple "box" or "sphere" colliders.

	The Prefabs are structured in multiple categories, like Rocks, Props, Vegetation, etc.
	The Grass prefabs were used on the terrain in conjunction with "Prefab Painter 2", available here:
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/painting/prefab-painter-2-61331

	It's a very powerful tool, which adds a lot of value to any project where large areas need to be covered with foliage, vegetation or any
other asset.

	Another way of planting vegetation on the terrain is to use the Unity defalt "Paint Details" tool in the terrain tools. You can find the grass and
flower textures in the "Textures" folder.


		Demo Scenes:


	There are 8 scenes included in this pack, showcasing all the assets shown in the promotional materials.


		Skyboxes:

	In addition to all the assets, there are 3 hand-painted skyboxes included in the pack, to better achieve different time-of-day lighting in the scenes.
	
		Shaders:

	The assets use custom shaders for the most part, but the overall look of the package doesn't change drastically if the shaders are replaced by default
Unity shaders (performance is also similar).

	The water shader has a couple of nice features, such as shallow and deep colors, opacity, foam and reflections. There is also the option of activating
the waves function, which add a nice height displacement effect on the water surface.

	The grass shader interpolates two colors based on height and it has the option of adding a third color as a highlight where the wind distiortion is 
most visible.

	The toon shaders have a custom lighting model which tries to replicate the CEL shaded effect. The default shader used has an outline effect, but there
is another shader included in the pack which doesn't contain that effect. The vegetation shader is the same as the toon shader, but it has added trnsparency
cutout and a simple wind effect which affects some vertices.

	The fire shader, similar to the grass shader, interpolates two colors based on height, along with an inner color and a billboarding effect. There are
controls for the burn speed, transparency cutoff and color blending.


* If you like the pack, please review it :) *
